= hflat

This is a simple gem that extends the Hash class with a method to flatten a hash table.

Some examples can be found in the specs.

== Install

* Install gem file

hflat is available as a gem, so just install using the command below:

  $ gem install hflat

* To install from source

  $ git clone git@github.com:carvil/hflat.git
  $ cd hflat/
  $ gem build hflat.gemspec
  $ gem install hflat-0.1.0.gem

== Examples

The idea of this gem is to convert nested hashed into a flat hash only containing the key/value pairs where the pair is not ah hash.

* Simple example of an hash containing error information. If one is just interested in the :error_code and the :error_message but doesn't know the depth, this is a good way of extracting that information:

  > require 'hflat'
  > hash = {:fault => { :get_user => {:error_code => 1, :error_message => "User not found"}}}
  > hash.flatten
  => {:error_code=>1, :error_message=>"User not found"}

If you are using older versions of ruby, you might need to require 'rubygems' first.

== Contributing to hflat
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Carlos. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.
